= Twitter Backup

This project does exactly this: copies your tweets to a CSV file.

It is single file that is a hybrid of bash script, windows shell and Ruby code.
If Ruby is not installed the script runs automatic installation with RVM on Linux and RubyInstaller on Windows.

== Usage:
===Linux/OSX
First of all you will need curl to be present in your system. That's RVM requirement not mine. Then:

  $ curl https://raw.github.com/bornmw/TwitterBackup/master/twitter_backup.wsf > twitter_backup

  $ chmod a+x twitter_backup

  $ ./twitter_backup your_twitter_name

===Windows
Download this file to your disk (save as twitter_backup.wsf): https://github.com/downloads/bornmw/TwitterBackup/twitter_backup.wsf

Execute the file. Enter your screen name. A file with tweets backup will appear as TwitterBackup.csv in the folder you saved twitter_backup.wsf to.

*Note*: the script will install Ruby if it's not found in your system.

*Limitation*: the script assumes that you use a default location for Ruby installation.


==Limitations
===Not authorized
If you try to backup tweets of a protected account this will fail with Not Authrized message.

== Troubleshooting
===Linux RVM OpenSSL troubles
There's a common RVM Ruby installation issue with not being able to handle SSL/HTTPS.

In most cases it can be fixed by installing openssl development packages *prior* to installing Ruby.

For example, in Fedora 16 you should run this: $ yum install openssl-devel.

If it doesn't help please look at this link for the workaround: http://beginrescueend.com/packages/openssl/

Anyway, if Ruby is installed without SSL support the Twitter Backup script uses HTTP instead of HTTS.

